Success! You've managed to infiltrate Commander Lambda's evil organization, and finally earned yourself an entry-level position as a Minion on their space station. 
From here, you just might be able to subvert Commander Lambda's plans to use the LAMBCHOP doomsday device to destroy Bunny Planet. 
Problem is, Minions are the lowest of the low in the Lambda hierarchy. Better buck up and get working, or you'll never make it to the top...

Commander Lambda sure is a task-master, aren't they? You're being worked to the bone!

You survived a week in Commander Lambda's organization, and you even managed to get yourself promoted. 
Hooray! Henchmen still don't have the kind of security access you'll need to take down Commander Lambda, though, so you'd better keep working. Chop chop!

The latest gossip in the henchman breakroom is that "LAMBCHOP" stands for "Lambda's Anti-Matter Biofuel Collision Hadron Oxidating Potentiator". 
You're pretty sure it runs on diesel, not biofuel, but you can at least give the commander credit for trying.

Rumor has it the bunny trainers are inexplicably fond of bananas. You're an apple person yourself, but you file the information away for future reference. 
You never know when you might need to bribe a trainer (or three)...

Awesome! Commander Lambda was so impressed by your efforts that you've been promoted to personal assistant. 
You'll be helping the Commander directly, which means you'll have access to all of Lambda's files -- including the ones on the LAMBCHOP doomsday device. 
This is the chance you've been waiting for. Can you use your new access to finally topple Commander Lambda's evil empire?

Who the heck puts clover and coffee creamer in their tea? Commander Lambda, apparently. When you signed up to infiltrate the organization you didn't think 
you'd get such an up-close and personal look at these more... unusual tastes.

There are a lot of difficult things about being undercover as Commander Lambda's personal assistant, but you have to say,
the personal spa and private hot cocoa bar are pretty awesome.

As Commander Lambda's personal assistant, you get to deal with all of the paperwork involved in running a space station big enough to house the LAMBCHOP. 
And you thought Bunny HQ had too much bureaucracy...

Excellent! You've destroyed Commander Lambda's doomsday device and saved Bunny Planet! But there's one small problem: the LAMBCHOP was a wool-y important part 
of the space station, and when you blew it up, you triggered a chain reaction that's tearing the station apart. Can you rescue the bunny workers and escape 
before the entire thing explodes?

One of these days you're going to manage to glimpse Commander Lambda's password over their shoulder. But the Commander is very careful about security 
and you haven't managed it yet...

Six thousand, seven hundred and forty-one, six thousand, seven hundred and forty-two, six thousand, seven hundred and forty-three... 
Good grief! Just how many bunny workers does Commander Lambda have?!

Oh no! You escaped Commander Lambda's exploding space station -- but so did the Commander, and Lambda is definitely not happy with you. 
Lambda is chasing you in a heavily-armed starfighter, while you and the bunny workers are stuck in these lumbering escape pods. 
It'll take all your wits and cleverness to escape such a hare-y situation, so you'd better hop to it!

It's not regulation, but you think if you can bypass the compressor, you can squeeze a few extra bursts of speed out of this escape pod.
